Hey Rockstar, do you know if your R and Python packages are out for delivery?
Let me show you how to know.
Head over to RStudio Package Manager.
You'll probably land on the top repo your system administrator has set up for you.
In the top navigation bar, head over to Setup.
Scroll down below the calendar, click on the Change link.
Select the operating system that your IDE is running on.
In my case that's Ubuntu 20.04.
Select OK.
Select the Binary button.
This ensures you'll be installing precompiled binary versions of the packages, saving you
hours of time.
Click the Copy button to copy this unique URL to your clipboard.
Then head back over to your RStudio IDE.
In the Tools menu at the top, go down to Global Options.
In the left sidebar, click on Packages.
And then the Change button.
And then paste in the URL that you copied from Package Manager.
Click OK and OK.
That's it.
That's the simplest way to connect RStudio Package Manager to your RStudio IDE.
It can be a lot more complicated than that.
There's multiple ways to do this, but this is your first step.
Give it a shot.
Bring those packages home.